API Example 

Language: Java
Framework: Spring
Libraries Used:
	JUnit
	Mockito
	Log4j
	Jackson (to convert Java Objects to JSON and vice versa)
	Apache POI (to read/write into excel format)

API's

GET /transactions/{format}		It will return data from given format
								will return error if format is invalid. valid formats are (csv, excel)
								(Status Returned is 200, OK)
POST /transactions/{format}		It will create new transaction and save it to file with given format. 
								(Status Returned is Created, 201)

Configurations
The csv and excel file paths are configurable in config.properties file. Please change these path
if you would like to run it on Ubuntu.

Testing Approcah

Unit Tests
	A Unit test for controller function is written for demonstration purpose.
	Unit test is mocking the service call using Mockito.

Integration Tests
	Integration tests are written to test save/retrieve data from both excel/csv data files.
	I considered two approaches to write integration tests. 
		
		To deploy the application on Tomcat or Jetty server and then make the api calls
		and verify the response of api calls.

		To mock the request, but NOT mock the serice calls. This way only web container 
		is mocked but the controller/service layers are invoked in same manner as they 
		would be after deployment. I find this appraoch slighly better then first approach 
		because I believe it is much faster and overall testing architecture remains 
		identical to that of unit tests. Moreover, easier to automate 
		tests while building as no extra plugins from maven will be required as in the first case.

Transaction JSON String for Post call
	{"id" : 1, "numberOfItems": 3, "price": 25}

Validation:
	A basic validation is added such that fields of transaction cannot be 0.

Versioning of API's
	I have not done it yet, but I think it is important for API's to incorporate version control 
	mechanism. I would add the verion number for API's as query string parameter, as it is for AWS.
	Every time client makes a request, it will have to mention the version number. 

Screenshots are in the screenshots are folder.